hi we're here it says CES 2014 where
Volvo is showing a sensors connect it's
a revolutionary new infotainment system
that offers fully integrated services
that can be updated over time and over
air and we're enabling this through the
arocs on service enablement platform now
we're offering a range of different
services that will help the consumer in
their daily life and their daily drive
such as the very first fully integrated
Pandora internet radio solution and a
new parking pay function that allows you
not only to find parking but also to pay
for parking from within the car we will
continue to add services over time to
this system thanks to the Ericsson cloud
solution we can update the service of
the car with new services without taking
it into the dealership part of our art
value add to Volvo is giving a better
value experience better driving
experience to the consumer by providing
over 15 applications in the car such as
radio parking navigation point of
interest applications and then a value
add for the connectivity to the car for
Volvo to improve their core business and
make their connection to the consumer
which today a lot of OEMs don't have a
direct connection relationship to the
consumer but the connected vehicle car
does is bring them that step closer to
the consumer to both upsell aftermarket
services the next person that buys the
car I just give a richer experience for
the driver and a long-term relationship
between Volvo and their consumer and a
lot of the value add that Ericsson
brings to this is not just putting
applications in the car so some of the
applications we have here are mashing
the existing navigation with a parking
application so the car knows where you
are the network knows where you are and
then we can mash up third-party
applications like Parker pedia which is
a third-party company in the US for
parking match that with your navigation
system so the car knows we are on
navigation knows you might want a
parking spot so match those two
applications together and that's what
Ericsson can bring to that to the city
to the to the ecosystem and that's part
of our value add that it's not just a
vertical
application store and it's not just
telematics into the vehicle like
telematics window
is what we call it today where it's
remote engine start it's mashing that
together and bringing it into the future
and bringing bridging ecosystem this
partnership between revolve and Ericsson
were really changed the way a consumers
look at the connected car and at their
commute we will continue to add new and
really innovative and exciting services
to the car and together with our
investors in autonomous driving in the
self-driving car we're really destined
to change the way our customers commute
and how they perceive that time in the
car